Jessica Freeman: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are ya.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, how are you
Jessica Freeman: Not bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's been happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Forever since I've seen you.
Jessica Freeman: Well, it was only this last week. But then, before that was like three weeks.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, you know, same shit.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, we went on a drive a couple things.
Jessica Freeman: That only got I have done some
Jessica Freeman: impulse buying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yay.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I bought I bought about myself for new pairs of like cute little summer pajamas from Macy's and new robe because minor Massey except my winter one, but it's not winter. It's friggin summer.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so
Jessica Freeman: And I got eliminator
Jessica Freeman: And so that I can put together. I'm and I bought some supplies off of this little shop at Etsy. So I can make like pecs cards for in a visual schedule.
Jessica Freeman: What else. Oh, I bought some moth repellent.
Jessica Freeman: Um,
Jessica Freeman: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Issues with moths.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And like I know that they're not harmful or whatever. But like when I open the screen door like 45 I'm come flying out and I'm like,
Jessica Freeman: What else did I bought I bought some more should I just can't remember my phone.
Jessica Freeman: Move keto you need to be on this side, America, you know that this is your side. Come on.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you.
Jessica Freeman: Just sit. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get your nails done.
Jessica Freeman: No, but, um, you know, like they're, they look terrible like some lines aren't open so I there's not much I can really do right now.
Jessica Freeman: But like my toenails. They were gel polish and so I literally like, I can't buzz them off. I don't have one of those little buzzer things so they finally finally like came off right after a long hot bubble bath, which was glorious.
Jessica Freeman: And they were like, whoa scraggly so I eczema and they're ready to paint. I just have to find my nail polish and pick a color.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: My friend Amanda sent me a care package total surprise and it was full of like if it was called the quarantine spa package.
Jessica Freeman: And it had like like homemade bath bombs and like fragrances and all kinds of like face masks and makeup and just really cute stuff so I broke into that a little bit.
Good.
Jessica Freeman: I have wonderful friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is just insane. That's really cool.
Jessica Freeman: How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Jessica Freeman: Right on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely it's been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A long week but I'm good.
Jessica Freeman: Team.
You know,
Jessica Freeman: Every single day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. They are what I'm learning, though, is that we get to implement and do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever we want to within reason, right. So it's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In every day. Same thing. Do you know what I mean. It's like, what are you going to put in. And this is kind of what I've been working on, are we, what are you going to put in your day to day. What are you going to do today that you didn't do yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you can make today fun so like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: replanting flowers like building a rock garden like you know stuff that's like right in my realm, you know, in my area that I don't have to go out a whole lot in the public for, you know, that kind of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've been reading a lot with women for sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's pretty amazing. There is they have this daily this affirmation page and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's basically an agreement that you get that you work out with yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So every morning you read this list, you read these these 12 affirmations every morning and every night before you go to bed. And the idea is to change your thought process around
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: low self esteem.
Jessica Freeman: Sorry, my kid.
Pretty amazing.
Jessica Freeman: Sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Jessica Freeman: I yourself. Okay, go play, buddy.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you.
Jessica Freeman: I bought some new recovery books and I've been trying to make it a part of every morning to read at least like two or three
Jessica Freeman: Meditation type
Jessica Freeman: Thing good daily thing.
Jessica Freeman: So that's been going well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, look, these are called
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're going to read them right now. These are called acceptance statements is what they're called.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My computer's wanting to be slow this morning.
Jessica Freeman: It's okay, I'm in no rush.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It says we don't know if we want to work. There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see him.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, this is women for sobriety. And the only difference is that it's it works off of a program called life. Life ring and it works off of smart recovery. So it kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dances lightly around the spiritual aspect because it seems like a lot of people have issues with spirit, the spirituality of recovery.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their higher power, you know, really looks like.
Jessica Freeman: Right I struggled with that for a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. A lot of people do. I remember my very first a meeting was because my ex husband was celebrating 30 days, who's in sobriety 30 days about 3045 days longer than me and I was so full of resentment towards him. And I was so full of her and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He invited me to his 30 day birthday, and I had no idea what I was getting into my very first meeting and I walked in this in this room, and there were all these people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they were talking, talking about God and they were talking about love and forgiveness and all this crap that I was filled with resentment and hurt and pain that I could. I don't think I could have ran out of that door fast enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I was so mad at him, I was like, don't either ever in that situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now I look back on it, it is pretty funny. You know, but I was so mad at God. When I first was introduced to any kind of recovery program that I couldn't even fathom him being you know in my heart and in my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No way.
Jessica Freeman: I thought it was for suckers. I thought everything spiritual and religious well first I group them together, you know, spirituality religion.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. And then I just wrote it off as something for stupid people that needed a crutch, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I can relate. I was
Jessica Freeman: You know, I had a pretty messed up trauma. When I was 17 years old, very heavily involved with the church and like all these people there, especially these good Christian people and now you know it just they look at me different they treat me differently.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so I am
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I didn't want anything to do with it. But over time, and plus that gift of desperation. Let me tell ya.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Yeah, it definitely puts you in a position that you've, you get to a point that you're on your knees. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Literally for me.
Jessica Freeman: And it literally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Insane um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So the point. I didn't know what I was going to do. You know, I don't have any other options. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I totally know definitely it definitely bro, we're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Reading this, you know, for me, feels like it's work that should have been done a long time ago and it's specifically designed for women and what women go through and for me that's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, because when I first was introduced to recovery. You know, it was for my ex husband and my world was wrapped around this person who was so toxic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And why the type
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm an individual, what I can have my own recovery. What you know what I mean, it was, it was crazy. And so I centered myself around these women in recovery that have been in recovery for many years and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was pretty amazing. But my ex husband called them the man haters club.
Jessica Freeman: He sounds like a real gem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he was, he yeah yeah narcissistic to full capacity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'll tell you what they definitely saved my ass. More times than I could have ever thought of, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So for me, we can never get enough our whole life. We're working on being better and building our self esteem, knowing that we have value and worth
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and sometimes we forget that with every day bustle in and with kids and you know everything else feels like that. They come first.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, becoming really grounded.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the fact that we're women. We have our own unique problems, our own unique issues and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The great part about it is that we get to. We don't have to, but we get to create a world in a life that makes us happy, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really kind of it. Okay, I'll get off my soapbox but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just feeling a lot of a lot of joy and a lot of happiness today. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dan. This is a piece of it. And of course, waking up and putting your earbuds in and dance into my favorite songs is
Jessica Freeman: Also, I did that today.
Jessica Freeman: Big time. And I know
Jessica Freeman: We're supposed to hate our Kelly, because he's an awful, awful person, but I still like to dance music
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing wrong with that. It's totally there's nothing wrong with that, you know, just because he's you know done whatever he's done doesn't mean his music isn't beautiful
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. He's perfect. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, a lot of them are that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Jessica Freeman: Most men are really gross.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I agree very much so.
Jessica Freeman: After everything that you just said about like you know how we have to try to find value in ourselves and all that, like,
Jessica Freeman: On a personal level, and like with my family relationships and my friendships and you know I feel good about that. I know that I'm contributing. I know I'm participating
Jessica Freeman: I'm present like all the things that I need to be to be good, you know, daughter mother friend cousin, what have you. And, but when it comes to like the romantic stuff.
Jessica Freeman: I do have some some negative self talk on that because I'm 40 years old you know I'm I have a single parent to this little boy who is extremely
Jessica Freeman: high maintenance high levels of needs like and he's a sweetheart me so wonderful and anybody that gets to know him loves into pieces, but still it's it's a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not so
Jessica Freeman: I don't really have a lot of hope for for that. And if it comes along great. But if not, I'm prepared.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. It's like being okay no matter what with who you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, knowing that your life is this just how it is.
Jessica Freeman: I'm happy with the baby comes first.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty good. Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This let's read these. Okay. Okay. All right. So number one, I have a life threatening problem that once had me. I now take charge of my life, my well being and I accept the responsibility.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My favorite one is number two we read that one.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, negative thoughts destroy only myself, my first conscious sober act is to reduce negativity in my life.
Jessica Freeman: I've done that quite a bit. Yeah, I mean, I can't. I mean, there's nothing in my life that causes me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Negative thoughts.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, like I'm
Jessica Freeman: Everything's looking good.
Jessica Freeman: Work though like I don't know. I don't know about that. I do have some negative thoughts about myself on that because how employable. Am I, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you're 100% unemployable. You have a great mind you know you're smart, you know what I mean, it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the part you know that that we minimize
Jessica Freeman: You know, I don't have any
Jessica Freeman: I don't have like any not even associates.
Jessica Freeman: Doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Matter. I found out that the hard way. Like, I went I didn't go back to school, till I was in my 40s and got my associates and honestly I went back to school because you got. I thought you got free money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I never in my whole life got in a in school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I thought, There's no way I'm going to be able to do this. What are you doing, what do you think there is absolutely no way you hated school when you were a kid, you're going to hate it now as an adult. But it turned out my very first paper my was my very first day and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Writing. Oh my gosh. I was like, maybe I can't do this. Maybe, maybe I am smart enough to do this. You know what I mean. And it doubted that los you know belief system that I had in myself that I could actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get a good grade, you know, complete something I completed my associates went on to my bachelor's completed my bachelor's and my goal in both, you know. And all three of my programs was to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get the best possible. Great. It was like I was in competition with myself from that point forward, and my first see was a math. I hate math.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm terrible, right, for some reason, I don't care how many hours. I tried to study. I could not connect the dots. I just couldn't I just couldn't and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wound up, you know, that was my very first see and it took me a little while to digest that you know to be okay. It's all right, CS get degrees.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, this is the area that you know you struggle in the most. That doesn't mean that you're less than. It just means that this is the area that you are almost done. And by the time I completed my master's program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So done seven years. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and you did all this in your 40s.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Jessica Freeman: Feel like I'm too old. I mean, I definitely want to go back to school, but I don't want to spend seven years at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so, you know, nowadays. There's these programs that you can become, you can get certified to be pretty much anything in a short amount of time.
You know,
Jessica Freeman: And so it's really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Taking a look at what it is that you're passionate about and moving forward in that area. And another thing was that I was stuck in these jobs that were minimum wage that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what, barely survival mode, you know, it's just like, I'm going to be working till I'm dead. You know at this point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And going back to school just kind of gave me the hope it didn't give me the full hope and the end this whole retirement package that I hope that it would, but it gives me hope that I can move forward and I can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And, you know, working in this field, definitely doesn't, you're not going to get rich here. You know, it's pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: pretty minimal, but the internal satisfaction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: outweighs for me in anything and everything else.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: You know what you love.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that's what I want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can anything and everything is achievable. You know, we've just got to be able to to put that fear aside and run forward.
Jessica Freeman: And it's not even just that like the fear. Okay, I can. I know that I can face this down, but it's like the feedback I get from the people around me.
Jessica Freeman: You know when when they don't believe in me. It takes another punch to the gut, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Yeah, I took it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And use that to motivate me. Excuse me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My allergies are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: bless you, and have it with me. I took that piece and said, Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Watch me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It added that fuel that I needed to push forward. You can't be. You don't believe in me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Watch me go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was probably one of the best motivators to take that hurt and that that that piece and add that fuel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To pumps, you know, forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I'm going to think about. Yeah, totally. Something to think about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, number three. This one is my favorite happiness as a habit I am developing happiness is created not waited for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When I first learned that that I'm in charge of my own happiness. I kind of was mind blowing to me.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: You know, yeah.
Definitely
Jessica Freeman: Waiting for some
Jessica Freeman: Some thing or some man to come along and that's what my happiness would rely on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yes, it's all about them.
Like it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Jessica Freeman: Problems bother me only to the degree I permit I now better understand my problems. I do not permit problems to overwhelm me
Jessica Freeman: I've been through a lot of problems or back. I've been through a lot of problems like big ones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And boulders.
Jessica Freeman: Oh yeah, big time. So now it's like I got first world problems. I'm grateful for the problems that I have, because they're like cake compared to what I've already been through.
Jessica Freeman: Luxury
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to do to to decipher what a luxury problem is versus a real hardcore problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you know what I mean, it's like everything is a problem.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, but even I mean when they do come up. I agree. Like, I've learned some coping skills, you know, like feelings are not fact they're temporary this too shall pass.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, the fact that it's not forever just for now.
Jessica Freeman: He's your thing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That helped you learn
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I remember seeing all of those things, you know, on the walls in this place in Seaside, Oregon is called the little yellow house and all of these sayings on the wall. I'm like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, what do they let you know what I mean. I was like, this is crazy, but I understood it, and I understood it, the more that I attended
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah, where I started going through the program. It's like you get exactly deep in your heart. What they mean but at first it's like they're just words. How is that possible, you know,
Jessica Freeman: They were the end up for me being things that I did. I had to like hold on to like a life preserver. Like I would remember these things, or maybe my sponsor would say these things are my therapist.
Jessica Freeman: And like repetition. For me, it took a lot of repetition, but then I would get something in my head like, you know, one of the things I just said, and it would be
Jessica Freeman: Something I could say to myself in moments of a trial.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Absolutely love
In time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think one of the big ones for me was that realizing what was in my control versus what was it,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and the Serenity Prayer. That's a, that's a good one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My, my sponsor read it to me as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God grant me the courage to accept the people I cannot change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God grant me the serenity to accept the people that I accept the people that I cannot change the courage to change the one I can, and the wisdom to know that it is me.
Jessica Freeman: That's cool. Never heard that one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it kind of blew me away because then I quit trying to change my ex husband.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And started working towards myself.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I had to. I had to do the same thing with Kim's dad like when we split up, you know, and he took key and as mad as I was, I was still heartbroken.
Jessica Freeman: And I had, I had to go through a whole long process to let that go. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is a process that's for sure. Yeah. You know, people that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People when they, when they go through a loss and they're grieving and they're going through, you know, the emotions. They're like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They want it to be over with so fast. And it's like, wait, it takes time to go through this process. You know, sometimes we get stuck, you know, and it takes longer, but there is no time limit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Takes what it takes for everyone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everyone's different.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah man, I've had, I've had relationships.
Jessica Freeman: From, like, my early, early adulthood that I swore I would never get over, then you know it's been 20 years
Jessica Freeman: Dude I don't I don't fucking care at all.
Jessica Freeman: And I have a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you get to that point. It's like, all right, that's it. I'm done with that.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, like I forgot about that.
Jessica Freeman: I'm living my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try and live in my dream.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am what I think this one's kind of powerful to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm a capable, competent caring, compassionate woman.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, trying to to tell yourself that when you've never believed that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: never had anybody confirm that that's the truth, you know, always had negative relationships in your life is hard. You know what I mean to grasp your head around.
Jessica Freeman: Well, until, until you you know you perform esteem bubble X right yeah like you got to make this true through your action, not just your inner monologue. I can tell myself I'm anything but like I need to act like a capable, competent caring, compassionate woman.
Jessica Freeman: And then I can start to believe it.
Jessica Freeman: Yes way into right thinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right, yeah. I love that because, you know, oftentimes will act that way towards other people, but we want ourselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and that's that piece that the more that we do it for ourselves. The more capable, we are to do it for others.
Jessica Freeman: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of amazing.
Jessica Freeman: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Number six.
Jessica Freeman: Life can be ordinary or it can be great greatness is mine by a conscious effort.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that just totally confirmed what you just said.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Hmm. Right now, you know, in the lockdown. It's like
Jessica Freeman: You know, it can be ordinary and there's not a lot that I can do about it.
Jessica Freeman: But I do know that
Jessica Freeman: I'm doing the very best I can. And that's pretty great, actually. And it's okay like it's okay for me to not shoot for the stars right now, but to just manage
Jessica Freeman: You know the best I can, you know, teach my son, you know, do the pecs and the visual schedule and like get things done and like, that's okay. It's good. It's great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and part of that is because you're just not not sitting around, letting him, you know, do whatever and sit on a tablet, you know, you're putting forth this effort to work with him. You know what I mean. And bring other things to the table, which is pretty amazing. Definitely.
Jessica Freeman: He's really stubborn, Rebecca, you don't even know. He's so stubborn like to get him to engage with anything. You have to do it like 100 times
I'm not trying to
Jessica Freeman: Get but not like just a few times, like you look 100 fucking times I'm serious, maybe more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wonder where you get sad stubbornness from
Jessica Freeman: Honestly, on both sides, actually.
Jessica Freeman: His dad is like a go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of crazy, you know, when you realize that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, number seven.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Love can change the course of my world caring is all important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Number eight.
Jessica Freeman: The fundamental object of life is emotional and spiritual growth daily I put my life into a proper order knowing which are the priorities.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think that that one really kind of falls in line with what you're doing as far as writing list that you want to accomplish the goals, your goals list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really applying it every day.
Jessica Freeman: And also, like knowing the key and is the top priority and all the other stuff on the list, like I have to get myself grace about it because
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I can only do it in pieces, as long as I put him first and take care of his needs first and then you know keep going down my list and do the best that I can, and it's a good balance. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very good balance and number nine. The past is gone forever no longer and my victimized by the past. I am a new woman.
Jessica Freeman: Damn straight
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I love that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I really longer a victim.
Jessica Freeman: I was a victim for a very very long time. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Like 23 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like enough. You know, you get to a point in your life. I think when you're growing and you're learning about yourself and you're developing, you know, all these healthy living skills that you know i don't have to live in the past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have to live there anyone you know what I mean, it's like I'm not a victim anymore, so don't even look at me. Or consider me as one because I'm not
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and we do not grovel we do not grab them.
Jessica Freeman: Have to
Jessica Freeman: We've cleaned up our side of the street. And if you have a problem. Still, that is your business.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, I made a statement and what in group, the other day, it's not your business, what other people think about you. I love
Jessica Freeman: Oh my god, that one was important for me.
Jessica Freeman: I had to hear it like 100 times
Jessica Freeman: But it was it was a big one for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was for me to definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be married to a narcissist for 16 years was, you know, he is all he was all about the limelight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, hey, look at me, look what I'm doing. Hey, I'm great. I'm Mr grade on this and that and I was. I've never been that way. I've always the backup. I don't want to be in the limelight. I'm the little worker bee in the back right and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I found myself holding a lot of resentments towards that.
Jessica Freeman: I can imagine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you do all the work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you watch this person take credit. It's like, oh my god.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, my, my older son Brendan's dad is like that. We didn't last very long. We were together for years only married for two, but I couldn't stand it. Ours, like you're an asshole.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Jessica Freeman: Number one. Number 10
Jessica Freeman: All right, all love given returns. I'm learning to know that I am loved
Jessica Freeman: True.
Jessica Freeman: And I love myself.
Jessica Freeman: Yes. And sometimes I love myself.
Jessica Freeman: Joking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're funny. Ah, alright enthusiasm is my daily exercise I treasure the moments of my new life.
Jessica Freeman: I have to say for me. That's true. I don't know about the enthusiasm enthusiasm, because, you know, kind of just keep it chill. I've had enough really high highs and really low lows in my life. I'm just kind of chill. I love it. But, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I messed up so much with my older son like I'm trying to take the time and pay the attention and really treasure this time in Keaton's life like all along the way. Just treasure those moments.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right, that's right. When you become completely upfront and present is amazing how your mind changes and how things around you change, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's like, check, check. See, said a new pair of glasses. And that's not just to look at the outside world that's to look at myself to like
Jessica Freeman: Finally, be honest with myself in a way that I would never have understand stood had I not gone through everything I've been through and gotten here. Now I can see myself.
Jessica Freeman: Pretty clearly. Most of the time, there are exceptions, but I have tools now and I can talk to people that call me on my shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and not to take offense to it and be able to digest it. Think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And identify it, you know.
Jessica Freeman: Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm pretty amazing. Yes, me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, number 12 I am a confident woman and I have much to give life. This is what I am, and I shall know it always
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then the last one is number 13
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am responsible
Jessica Freeman: For myself, I'm responsible for myself and for my actions I am in charge of my mind my thoughts and my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's it for me is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just simply
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Saying that out in the universe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I feel like this little piece of empowerment
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I could see how going over this list in the morning would really set me up for
Jessica Freeman: A GOOD DAY OF CONFIDENCE. And, you know, just having the right mindset.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: It's good stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It really, really, really is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't, you can go to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Women for sobriety and it's right. Again, it's right on their webpage acceptance statements, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can download it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And read it with your daily meditation every day.
Jessica Freeman: I will do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Over here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So on your list. Let's talk about your list.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Um, stay connected definitely reach out be supportive. Definitely. I sent out some cards in the mail and I'm definitely keeping in touch with know some of my friends in recovery that aren't quite as far along as I am, you know that like need more support.
Jessica Freeman: daily meetings, Monday through Friday, I'm cheering on Wednesdays.
Jessica Freeman: More music less TV. Well, this week I started watching Westworld
Jessica Freeman: And that shit is addictive. So
Jessica Freeman: On that one this week, but I'm, I'm, like, I've got like two episodes left, so I'll be back to
Jessica Freeman: Back to good very soon.
Jessica Freeman: tick down your to do list. I have my to do list right here. No.
Jessica Freeman: I got he knows medicine all set up for like auto repo.
Jessica Freeman: I did, I finished. Some of the cleaning projects around the house.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I contacted some three different places that had charged my checking account in air, and I'm following up on that.
Jessica Freeman: I put all the clean clothes in my house away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yay.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I did call to set the ophthalmologist appointment for my dog but
Jessica Freeman: It's going to be really, really expensive and the his vet told me already that like
Jessica Freeman: It's probably not much that can be done, and he's got good quality of life right now. His ocular pressure is fine. It's actually just right in the perfect place.
Jessica Freeman: And hit his heart murmur is responding to medication and he's all set up with that long term. So there's really not much else I can do for him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And catch up.
Jessica Freeman: On emails. I'm still working on that. I've still got like 300 left and then I'm supposed to be okay self care. Yes, definitely. I told you.
Jessica Freeman: About that already.
Jessica Freeman: Right then, so I didn't, I didn't like I've been maned like trying to fix my nails to make them look better, but I can't go to the salon, so it is what it is. I am going to paint my toes.
Jessica Freeman: I took a bath and mom and Bob took Keon for two days. This week Saturday and Monday and they took him like pretty much older and they're going to take them today, actually, I think he's going to go swimming, you were going to get in the pool at Nana's house today and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And they're, they're going to pick a day and do an overnight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Jessica Freeman: Continue research on going back to school.
Jessica Freeman: I have gathered some information I've continued my research, but I'm not conclusive get nice have some things to check out
Jessica Freeman: Okay, but that means I also need to follow up with student loans because I was on this page like three months you pay $5 and then you get your student loans out of default
Jessica Freeman: Uh huh. I wanted to do that. But now with the coven like I don't know if that's still happening because they refunded some stuff from my student loan payments and I'm so I got to call them.
Jessica Freeman: And put that on my list.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I love you.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey sweet.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, we use a haircut so bad.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll be glad when things start opening up that's for
Jessica Freeman: Sure. No.
Jessica Freeman: I'm from Minneapolis right so
Jessica Freeman: They're opening everything and their numbers are so much higher than ours, and they are already like phase three on June 1 don't
Jessica Freeman: You want to know.
Jessica Freeman: Let's go.
Jessica Freeman: I'm and I'm like this is stupid.
Jessica Freeman: Higher numbers and it's going to spike just like it did in Texas and everywhere else to open up too early. It's just up. I'm like,
Jessica Freeman: I'm talking about their numbers are so much higher than ours. But we had less than 300 deaths in our state and they have like 1500
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Why would you do that why because people are restless and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Good for them and gonna get sick and die.
Right.
Jessica Freeman: Darwinism right
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, in a little town in Oregon that I moved from they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Went in one week to having like five cases to having 40 some odd cases, you know, that just that fast, and they haven't even opened up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their small businesses or downtown. It's a tourist town. They had a rally this past weekend people from Portland, which is about 80 miles away, which you know all the tourists from Portland always go to the coast.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They had this rally to open everything up and the rally turned out to be less people attending attending them what the person holding it thought it was going to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this part, I thought was pretty funny. But the city's response to knowing this rally was coming was to close all the public bathrooms.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, you told me about this last
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Night crazy
Jessica Freeman: That's friggin hassanein
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just thought that that was
Jessica Freeman: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Horrible. But after this rally happens, then they push out this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it was a flop. You know, there might have been 20 or 30 people at this rally, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, total flop and of course people that live in seaside were, you know, rallying and picketing, the people that were there from the, from the city saying go home. What are you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What a cluster. It was good. Yeah, just watching it, because that's all I got to do is watch it from afar, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: they wound up going from four or five cases to 40 some odd cases.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And you know a lot of people are saying, well, that's bullcrap because you knew that either you were already had those 45 cases and hadn't announced it already, or you're taking it using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The rally that just happened a week ago when symptoms don't come for 14 days and trying to say this is why you know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All that mind.
Jessica Freeman: Taking it and politicizing and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally. You know, and you'll see that with you, you know, watch the news all the time. You'll you can start to identify that that's what's happening in a lot of areas, you know, the media is taken and running with it. You don't know what to believe. If I don't get it from the CDC.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's questionable to me, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Did you read that letter the Trump wrote to the World Health Organization.
Jessica Freeman: Ah, OK. So he has withdrawn funding from the World Health Organization because and there was like four pages of facts cited
Jessica Freeman: That that the World Health Organization is basically taking its lead from China and there hasn't been like accurate reporting and I don't know, there's a little thing, but it's a four page letter and Trump is giving them 30 days.
Jessica Freeman: To show that their interests are aligned with, you know, the world rather than just one country and, if not, then the US will withdraw its membership.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Jessica Freeman: So I know I read that and
Jessica Freeman: I don't know what the truth behind anything is because our media is so slanted who knows and then China. Their, their media is state run so accurate information. I don't know if anybody really
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. And that's the concept that I stay with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: It's just I try not to follow too much, but sometimes something interesting happening we sweatshirt maybe
Jessica Freeman: Got a little chilly in here real quick.
Here sweeping
Jessica Freeman: Here.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, what time is it 915 minutes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you think about some of the things that you want to put on your list for this week.
Jessica Freeman: Well,
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, like I feel like it's already a good list or just maintain that list and you know keep going with it.
Jessica Freeman: I feel like that would be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, yeah, keep expanding on what you've already started.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, you know, give myself a little more time to accomplish some more stuff on the list and kind of get into good groove and
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, I feel like like the list is good. What do you think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think the list is good too. And I think that if you just continue to work on it you know you know as well as I do. We were not going to do everything on our list their goals and goals can be changed and expanded, you know, that's the great part about it.
Jessica Freeman: Is
Jessica Freeman: The list has a lot on it. Not only do I have
Jessica Freeman: Self care stuff on my to do list.
Jessica Freeman: It as fast as it, you know, gets done like it still
Jessica Freeman: Do
Jessica Freeman: Sorry, I'm trying to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, that's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No worries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The laundry. Gotta get done.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Well, somebody have
Jessica Freeman: Driver situation in your psyche everywhere. So it's not sheets. It's also be
Jessica Freeman: Mattress
Jessica Freeman: Protector yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've committed yourself to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing a meeting on Wednesday night, holding it being the facilitator.
Jessica Freeman: It's actually Wednesdays.
Jessica Freeman: At 10 o'clock. My time am and it's noon being from from Indianapolis that I used to go
Jessica Freeman: Tonight. Yeah, the room where I got sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty amazing. Huh.
Jessica Freeman: It is. It's great. And I don't think they're going to reopen the church until you know maybe August, which is cool because everybody that wants to go to that meeting will still do it on zoom. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: That's what's up. Oh, I ordered some some masks, like a six pack of masks from FC, and I hope that I did that I chose well because like I wanted it to be safe, but also breathable, because I have a hard time with stuff over my face. I just don't breathe. So they should be here soon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I don't like having to wear a mask.
Jessica Freeman: Nobody does. But you know, it's just what we have to do right now.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: There's just no way around it.
Jessica Freeman: Protect protect me protect the ones I love and then protect the at risk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People in the community. Very much so. I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I agree. So we were on when we leave, we were in when we're supposed to
Jessica Freeman: You know, and I don't wear them at home.
Jessica Freeman: I don't want them in the car. Unless I'm somewhere to pick something up and you know I'm interacting with someone then offered on
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm doing the same thing, same protected.
Jessica Freeman: It's super weird. I know it's, I mean it's weird, but like I was one of the first people that started wearing masks at the grocery store and I felt, you know, kind of dumb, but now it's like, Don't be that guy.
Jessica Freeman: Without the mask.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right now it's the norm. Who would have thought in the very beginning that that would have been the case.
Jessica Freeman: And it might stay that way, like maybe a part of our culture will change now i mean i don't i don't know maybe once there's, you know, once it's handled and there's a vaccine and you know people are
Jessica Freeman: It's prevented and nobody has it anymore. It's gone, then maybe not. But still, there'll be something else that comes along.
Jessica Freeman: showing her it's going to things are permanently changed, I think. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do too. We have to figure out and adjust to the new normal whatever that's going to look like.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I think there's going to be a few versions of the new normal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. And we can only like run towards it and not be afraid of it, because it is what it is. And we don't have the power to change it anyways.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, only control what I can control.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. And really, that's my own actions and attitudes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and your thought process around it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that really looks like, you know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I really liked what you share today, I'm going to download that I'm going to use it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They definitely helps.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm finding for myself that it is definitely helping I'm in a better headspace during the day I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: definitely look at today in a more positive manner. You know, I feel the difference. And that's why I wanted to share it.
Jessica Freeman: I can tell, like you're all happy and I don't know, you look good today like really on top of shit right I ready to conquer the world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I just think when you feel when you add fuel to yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just allows you to accept what is, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I like it. I'm gonna try it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Good. I'm glad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's important you know that we build ourselves up instead of tearing ourselves down
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And also to take that same approach with with other women, you know, build each other up.
Jessica Freeman: But instead of tearing each other down remind you know remind ourselves and our friends and the people in, you know, whatever the people out there doing what they got to do, like, you know, you're valued.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know,
Jessica Freeman: You're confident and you have a lot to offer.
Jessica Freeman: Even we
Jessica Freeman: Don't feel like it.
Jessica Freeman: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's hard when you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When the message that you've heard through every relationship. Even as a kid is that you're not good enough. You're the problem. You know what I mean in to change that in adulthood and to actually see that everything you've been told and programmed to believe about yourself as live
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah rewiring your brain changing your system. It's big stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. It really, really is very much so. Okay, so you're going to read, you're going to implement the acceptance statements into your daily schedule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the morning. Can you dance in and out, love.
Jessica Freeman: As much as I can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love that and you're in such a good space, you know, you really are. I think you're pretty amazing.
Thanks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Okay, so I'm gonna let you out and we're going to get about our day and I will talk to you next week.
Jessica Freeman: Sounds good. Have a wonderful week. Thanks, Rebecca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You too. I'll talk to you later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye.
There we go.